=*_!GoGator - Navigate SFSU with Gator_*=

==Introduction==

Feeling Lost in your own campus? Tired of losing your paper Maps or carrying it around? Forgot where you parked your ride? Here’s Gator to your aid. Get the best Campus Navigation app –!GoGator. With this app you can find your way to any destination on campus be it the bursar's office or a cafe. The app also lets you find the location of your vehicle, tells you the working hours of important offices etc.

It is useful for students, faculty or visitors. It is a simple to use Android Application and we will work to make the navigation as smooth as possible.

==Users==
 * SFSU Students
 * SFSU Faculty
 * SFSU Campus Visitors

==Language==

 * English

==Requirements==

 * Android Phone
 * 3G or Wi-Fi Connection
 * Camera and Magnetometer are required on the phone for full usage of     the app

==Features==

 * Find your location on campus
 * Get directions from your current location to a destination building on campus
 * Point the camera at a building to identify it
 * Locate your ride in the campus
 * Locate all cafes on campus and know their timing
 * Know the working hours on important offices like Bursar's office, Student Health Center, Office of International Programs and the like

==Team Members==

 * Nilaykumar Patel
 * Nikita Attiguppe Dasharath 

==Mock ups==
http://www.google.com/imgres?q=alligator&hl=en&biw=1366&bih=667&gbv=2&tbm=isch&tbnid=PbQEfsAMxow-SM:&imgrefurl=http://www.justanimal.org/alligator-6.html&docid=CVC-eejvRcEbBM&w=575&h=720&ei=G5h9TsSrEIXRiALqvom8Aw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=359&vpy=197&dur=1089&hovh=251&hovw=201&tx=135&ty=129&page=1&tbnh=168&tbnw=134&start=0&ndsp=16&ved=1t:429,r:1,s:0
For mock up images please refer the detailed doc by following the below link.

https://code.google.com/p/csc780-go-gator/source/browse/wiki/GoGator.pdf